.\" redhat-access-insights.conf - Red Hat Access Insights
.TH "redhat-access-insights.conf" "8" "" "Red Hat Access Insights Configuration" ""
.SH "NAME"
redhat\-access\-insights.conf \- Red Hat Access Insights client configuration

.SH "DESCRIPTION"
The \fBredhat\-access\-insights.conf\fP file contains configuration information for \fBredhat\-access\-insights\fP, the client for the Red Hat Access Insights service. This file is in an INI style format, option=value, default or example values are shown below.

[redhat-access-insights]\&
.IP "loglevel=DEBUG"
Change log level, valid options DEBUG, INFO, WARNING, ERROR, CRITICAL.
.IP "auto_config=True"
Automatically attempt to configure connectivity to Red Hat Access Insights
.IP "authmethod=BASIC"
Change authentication method, valid options BASIC, CERT. Default BASIC\&
.IP "username="
Username to use when authmethod is BASIC
.IP "password="
Password to use when authmethod is BASIC
.IP "base_url=cert-api.access.redhat.com:443/r/insights"
Base URL for API Interactions
.IP "remove_file=/etc/redhat-access-insights/remove.conf"
File that can be used to prevent files or commands from being collected or to exclude lines containing a specified word.
.br
Each word specified in patterns will exclude the entire line containing the word in all commands and files.
.br
Keywords will be obfuscated to keyword# in all commands and files and require the obfuscate option to be True.
.br
This file MUST be in the following format, and MUST match exactly what is in the dynamic_config for file or command name.
.br

.br
[remove]
.br
files=/etc/cluster/cluster.conf,/etc/hosts
.br
commands=/bin/dmseg,/bin/hostname
.br
patterns=password,username
.br
keywords=super$ecret,ultra$ecret
.br
.IP "cert_verify=/etc/redhat-access-insights/cert-api.access.redhat.com.pem"
Location of the certificate chain for cert-api.access.redhat.com used for Certificate Pinning.  Valid options are True, False, or a path to the pinned certificate(s).
.IP "gpg=True"
Enable/Disable GPG verification of dynamic configuration
.IP "auto_update=True"
Automatically update the dynamic configuration
.IP "obfuscate=False"
Obfuscate ip addresses
.IP "display_name="
Name used for display purposes
.IP "obfuscate_hostname=False"
Obfuscate hostname
.IP "proxy=http://user:pass@192.168.100.50:8080"
URL for the proxy

.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR redhat-access-insights (8)

.SH "AUTHOR"
Dan Varga <dvarga@redhat.com>
